Added SNS and website docs update (#425)
aws/eks-distro: docs/contents/community/overview.md

# Overview

> We work hard to provide a high-quality Kubernetes distribution just like EKS,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We work hard to provide a high-quality Kubernetes distribution for EKS,
```

Maybe?
